11.Programming Languages

1. Java
Java is a class-bassed, object oriented programming language.
Java and C# are similar programming languages that are statically, strongly,and manifestly typed, both are class-based object-oriented, both are designed with 
semi-interpretation or runtime compilation in mind, both use garbage-collection.

2. C 
C is general-purpose, imperative programming language developed in the early '70s, C is the oldest and most widely used language, providing the building blocks for other popular languages,such as C#, Java, JavaScript and Python. It is mostly used for creating operating systems, hardware drivers and embedded devices, for close work with the hardware.

3. C++
C++ was designed to be a low-level platform-neutral object-oriented programming language. C# was designed to be a somewhat higher-level component-oriented language. C# is a simple, modern, object oriented, and type-safe programming language derived from C and C++. C# is firmly planted in the C and C++ family tree of languages, and will immediately be familiar to C and C++ programmers.

4.PHP 
PHP (Hypertext Processor)  is a widely-used general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited for Web development and can be embedded into HTML. 
Differences between C# and PHP:Database Compatibility,Cost Factor,Coding Simplicity,Platform Connectivity Issue,Language Support,Security.PHP is a language itself which supports syntax of C and C++ whereas C# is one of the languages which is supported by .NET framework which supports more than 60+ languages. 

5.JavaScript
JavaScript is a client and server-side scripting language developed by Netscape that derives much of its syntax from C. It can be used across multiple web browsers and is considered essential for developing interactive or animated web functions. It is also used in game development and writing desktop applications.
C# and javascript are two completely different things and they work in completely separate domains.Javascript works on the browser and C# works on the server (in asp.net websites/web apps). They work together and neither is better than the other.

6. Python 
Python is a high-level, server-side scripting language for websites and mobile apps. It's considered a fairly easy language for beginners due to its readability and compact syntax, meaning developers can use fewer lines of code to express a concept than they would in other languages. It powers the web apps for Instagram, Pinterest and Rdio through its associated web framework, Django, and is used by Google, Yahoo! and NASA. Python is winner in: ease of learning, cross platform development, availability of open source libraries
C# is winner in: standard library, language features, development process and tools, performance, language evolution speed
Roughly even: syntax (Python is better in readability, C# has more consistent syntax), adoption.

